readme (docs): New explainer with request for feedback (#38)
mozilla/explainers: README.md

## Minimum viable explainer
Start your explainer with at least:

> 0. a short name — for the directory that will hold your explainer, preferably all lowercase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. a short name for the feature, which will be used for the directory/repository for your explainer; use all lowercase short names with hyphens for separators
```

1. user problem(s) to be solved with a new/improved standard, at least a one sentence description

### New counter-proposal
If your explainer is a counter-proposal to an existing public explainer or group proposal, 
your minimum explainer should include enough additional sections to provide a useful contribution 
to the existing conversation around the problem(s) being solved, and approaches already being explored.
For example, if someone else has proposed an API to solve the problem(s) your explainer describes, 
your minimum explainer should include at least sections 1-5 (see [below](#explainer-sections)), 
especially existing proposal flaws, and why/how we can do better.

> ### New explainer with request for feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requesting feedback
```

> If you want to immediately request external feedback on your new explainer, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to request external feedback on your new explainer, 
```

then be sure to at least:
* minimally write up sections 1-7
* create a new repo for your explainer at `github.com/mozilla/SHORTNAME`

>   where `SHORTNAME` is your answer to 0. above, append `-explainer` if necessary (existing repo name collision)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where `SHORTNAME` is your answer to 0. above; append `-explainer` if necessary to avoid collisions with existing repositories
```
